docs(2.1.x) doc-updates (#2278)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/enterprise/2.1.x/doc-updates.md

title: What's New in the Docs
---

What's New in the Docs is an overview of updates to the Kong Enterprise user documentation, including new features, updates, and fixes for a specific release. 

## Kong Enterprise 2.1.3.0 Docs

> Kong Enterprise 2.1.3.0 docs includes 2.1.x(beta) docs. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kong Enterprise 2.1.3.0 docs includes any changes made for the 2.1.0.0 beta docs. 
```
If we're referring to the specific Kong Enterprise release, then maybe we should do the same for beta?
